RealTime Auction

This is an online bidding website:

Prerequisites:
1. Download the build from GitHub: https://github.com/xamy128/RealTimeAuction
2. Insatll node.js and NPM
3. Have an IDE installed: webstorm/visual studio
4. DataBase: We are using mlab and note that in the FH network mlab wont work. So use some other WiFi network.

Run:
1. Open the IDE and load the project from the path you have dowloaded the build.
2. Run 'npm install all'
2. Open the terminal of the IDE and run "nodemon app.js"

Usage:
1. Goto any browser and type "localhost:3000" in the url
2. SignUp as new user:
    2.1. Click on the "signup".
       Expected output: You will see the blank fields for First Name, Last Name, Email, Password and confirm password.
    2.2. Fill up all fields correctly and click on "Register".
       Expected output: If any of the fields are incorrect it will throw error, else will be redirected the user page
    2.3. Click on "Edit".
       Expected output: Can edit the user details(the email and user role can not be edited, need to login as admin for this)
    2.4. Click on "Save".
       Expected output: Will be redirected to user page as in step 2.
    2.5. Click on "Delete".
       Expected output: The user will be deleted and page will redirect to the login page.


3. Login as admin:
    3.1. Login using admin credentials- username:'admin.realtimeauction@gmail.com', password: 'admin'.
       Expected output:Login should be successful to the admin home page
    3.2. You will see three search bars for products, bidder and supplier
    3.3. Enter a product name and click on search.
       Expected output: If it is a valid product(the product should be there in the Db) you will get a "view details" option
              : If it is a deleted product, there will be pop-up saying "the product is deleted"
              : If it is an invalid product, there will be pop-up saying "the product does not exist"
    3.4. If you click on "view details".
       Expected output:you will be able to see the product with the name, image, bid time, an edit and a deleted button.
        a. If you click on "edit".
           Expected output: you will be to see the product details fields which can be edited.
        b. Click "cancel" or "save".
           Expected output: will be redirected to the admin home page. And the changes will be saved.
        c. If you click "delete".
           Expected output: The product will be deleted and redirected to the admin home page.
    3.5. Enter a bidder or supplier first names.
       Expected output: Same as in step 3. If a bidder is searched for supplier field pop-up will say "User is not a bidder".
    3.6. If you click on "view details"
       Expected output: The edit and delete options of the user will be available, here the userRole and email can also be edited.
    3.7. Click on the user icon at right top.
       Expected output:You will get the logout option to redirect to the login page.

4. Login as a bidder.
    4.1. Type the email and password of a user created as bidder.
       Expected output:Will be logged into the Dashboard.
    4.2. Click on the + button to view the products in different stages of bidding.
       Expected output: Will be able to see the products if any are there.
    4.4. Click on any product.
       Expected output: Will be able to add comments and replies.
    4.5. Click product under "Current Products".
       Expected output: Will be able to add a new price(Bid) for the product.
       a. Open another tab and login as another bidder. Repeat the previous step with a higher price.
       Expected output: You can see that on both the tabs the highest price will be displayed.
    4.3. Click on the user icon at right top.
       Expected output: Will be able to see "My Bids", "Edit Profile" and "Logout".
       a. Click "My Bids".
       Expected output: Will be able to see the products the bidder has bidded for.
       b. Click "Edit Profile".
       Expected output: Will be redirected to user page same as 2.2.
       c. Click "Logout".
       Expected output: Will be redirected to the login page.


5. Login as a supplier.
    5.1. Type the email and password of a user created as supplier.
       Expected output: Will be logged in to dashboard with an additional option "Add New Product"
    5.2. Click on "Add New Product".
       Expected output: You can fill in the details of the product including image.
       a. Click on "Save".
       Expected output: Wont be able to save if any field is left empty.
       b. Click on "Cancel".
       Expected output: Will be redirected to dashboard.
    5.3. Unlike bidder, if supplier clicks in current product he will not be able to bid for it.
    5.4. Click on the user icon at right top.
       Expected output: Will be able to see "My Products", "Edit Profile" and "Logout".
       a. Click on "My Products".
       Expected output: Will be able to see all the products created by the bidder.
       b. Click on any product.
       Expected output: Will be able to edit or delete the product same as 3.4.





